Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 50 people, then it exploded.
Once a cobra bit Chuck Norris' leg. After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died.
When Chuck Norris was in middle school, his English teacher assigned an essay: "What is courage?" He received an A+ for turning in a blank page with only his name at the top.
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.
Chuck Norris can hear sign language.
Chuck Norris makes onions cry.
Chuck Norris knows Victoria's secret.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity. Twice.
Chuck Norris beat the sun in a staring contest.
When Bruce Banner gets mad he turns into the Hulk. When the Hulk gets mad he turns into Chuck Norris. When Chuck Norris gets mad, run.
Chuck Norris is the reason Waldo is hiding.
Chuck Norris's Blood Type is AK-47.
It is considered a great accomplishment to go down Niagara Falls in a wooden barrel. Chuck Norris can go up Niagara Falls in a cardboard box.
When Chuck Norris enters a room, he doesn't turn the lights on, he turns the dark off.
M.C. Hammer learned the hard way that Chuck Norris can touch this.
Chuck Norris can build a snowman out of rain.
Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.
Chuck Norris was once charged with three attempted murders in Boulder County, but the Judge quickly dropped the charges because Chuck Norris does not "attempt" murder.
Death once had a near-Chuck-Norris experience.
Chuck Norris was once on Celebrity Wheel of Fortune and was the first to spin. The next 29 minutes of the show consisted of everyone standing around awkwardly, waiting for the wheel to stop.
When Chuck Norris gives you the finger, he's telling you how many seconds you have left to live.
Giraffes were created when Chuck Norris uppercutted a horse.
If it looks like chicken, tastes like chicken, and feels like chicken but Chuck Norris says its beef, then it's beef.
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't cheat death. He wins fair and square.
Leading hand sanitizers claim they can kill 99.9 percent of germs. Chuck Norris can kill 100 percent of whatever the hell he wants.
Chuck Norris puts the "laughter" in "manslaughter".
Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.
Chuck actually died four years ago, but the Grim Reaper can't get up the courage to tell him.
There is no theory of evolution, just a list of creatures Chuck Norris allows to live.
Chuck Norris' calendar goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd. No one fools Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can pick oranges from an apple tree and make the best lemonade youve ever tasted.
When a zombie apocalypse starts, Chuck Norris doesn't try to survive. The zombies do.
Chuck Norris will never have a heart attack... even a heart isnt foolish enough to attack Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris beat Halo 1, 2, and 3 on Legendary with a broken Guitar Hero controller.
Chuck Norris can kill your imaginary friends.
Chuck can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night.
Chuck Norris's daughter lost her virginity, he got it back.
Chuck Norris once went to mars. Thats why there are no signs of life.
Chuck Norris tells Simon what to do.
The reason the Holy Grail has never been recovered is because nobody is brave enough to ask Chuck Norris to give up his favourite coffee mug.
Chuck Norris doesn't play "hide-and-seek." He plays "hide-and-pray-I-don't-find-you."
Chuck Norris is the only person that can punch a cyclops between the eye.
Chuck Norris plays russian roulette with a fully loded revolver... and wins.
Bill Gates lives in constant fear that Chuck Norris' PC will crash.
Chuck Norris is the only person on the planet that can kick you in the back of the face.
Chuck Norris' dog is trained to pick up his own poop because Chuck Norris will not take shit from anyone.
Chuck Norris can speak braille.
Chuck refers to himself in the fourth person.
Chuck Norris doesn't have good aim. His bullets just know better than to miss.
Chuck Norris doesnt wear a watch. He decides what time it is.
Chuck Norris once bowled a perfect game with a marble.
Chuck Norris's computer has no "backspace" button, Chuck Norris doesn't make mistakes.
Chuck Norris can hit you so hard your blood will bleed.
Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.
Jack was nimble, Jack was quick, but Jack still couldn't dodge Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris is the only man to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis.
Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg.
Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.
Chuck Norris has a diary. It's called the Guinness Book of World Records.
Chuck Norris CAN find the end of a circle.
The saddest moment for a child is not when he learns Santa Claus isn't real, it's when he learns Chuck Norris is.
The only time Chuck Norris was wrong was when he thought he had made a mistake.
Chuck Norris can drown a fish.
If you spell Chuck Norris wrong on Google it doesn't say, "Did you mean Chuck Norris?" It simply replies, "Run while you still have the chance."
Some kids piss their name in the snow. Chuck Norris can piss his name into concrete.
When Chuck Norris was a freshman in High School, 7 seniors took him Snipe hunting in the woods. He killed 19 Snipes, a grizzly bear and 3 timber wolves. Oddly, the 7 seniors are still missing.
Chuck Norris doesn't dial the wrong number, you pick up the wrong phone.
Chuck Norris narrates Morgan Freeman's life.
Chuck Norris can speak French... In Russian.
Chuck Norris can make a slinky go upstairs.
If he wanted to, Chuck Norris could rob a bank. By phone.
A bulletproof vest wears Chuck Norris for protection.
The original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris. The film was cancelled shortly after going into preproduction. No one would pay nine dollars to see a movie fourteen seconds long.
The reason newborn babies cry is because they know they have just entered a world with Chuck Norris.
On a high school math test, Chuck Norris put down "Violence" as every one of the answers. He got an A+ on the test because Chuck Norris solves all his problems with Violence.
A Handicapped parking sign does not signify that this spot is for handicapped people. It is actually in fact a warning, that the spot belongs to Chuck Norris and that you will be handicapped if you park there.
Police label anyone attacking Chuck Norris as a Code 45-11.... a suicide.
Why hasn't a video game been made about Chuck Norris? Simple: nobody controls Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can cut a knife with butter.
When Chuck Norris was born he drove his mom home from the hospital.
Every Chuck Norris joke is a five star joke just because it says Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris has the heart of a lion... It's in a jar on the nightstand next to his bed.
Chuck Norris can sit in the corner of a round room.
If you swallow a quarter and Chuck Norris round house kicks you in the stomach you will crap out two dimes and a nickel.
Tough men eat nails. Chuck Norris does all his grocery shopping at Home Depot.
Chuck Norris can run a 3-legged race by himself.
Chuck Norris doesn't wear a condom because theres no such thing as protection from Chuck Norris.
Big foot claims he saw Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't worry about high gas prices. His vehicles run on fear.
Chuck Norris doesn't teabag , he potato sacks.
Chuck Norris used to beat up his shadow because it was following too close. It now stands a safe 30 feet behind him.
Chuck Norris does not hunt because the word hunting implies the possibility of failure. Chuck Norris goes killing.
Chuck Norris can delete the Recycling Bin.
Chuck Norris CAN believe it's not butter.
Chuck can divide by zero.
Chuck Norris once hit a home run with an uncooked spaghetti noodle.
Chuck Norris once decided to try to kick his own ass...just to prove once and for all that it couldn't be done.